Mark project inactive (#87)
astronomer/astro-provider-databricks: README.md

> ## Project Inactive
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Project Inactive

> This project is inactive and no longer maintained. With the release ``0.3.0`` of the ``astro-provider-databricks`` package, this provider stands deprecated and will no longer receive updates. We recommend migrating to the official ``apache-airflow-providers-databricks>= 6.8.0`` for the latest features and support. The operators from this repository have been donated to and are included in the official Apache Airflow Databricks provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⚠️ Discontinuation of project
> In August 2024, Astronomer [donated the features available in this provider](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-provider-databricks/pull/84) to the [Apache Airflow repository](https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/main/providers/databricks).
> The features available in this repository are available  in ``apache-airflow-providers-databricks>= 6.8.0``.
> This repository is no longer actively maintained by Astronomer, and the code is kept here for historical purposes only.
> You can still contribute, submit bug fixes, and improvements in this project's [new home](https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/main/providers/databricks), under the terms of its license. 
> Please note that this deprecated version of the provider may not work with the latest dependencies or platforms, and it could contain security vulnerabilities. Astronomer cannot offer guarantees or warranties for its use.
> Thanks for being part of the open-source journey and helping keep great ideas alive!
```
